I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the military
city of Russia,
Murmansk Murmansk Yes, it’s almost North, yes
Well, it’s not almost It’s just north, this is
where the North Pole is already exactly north,
it’s almost North from the Arctic
how much the temperature is
now
-27 outside Get out Well, how is it a habit
already
I’m a habit People usually ask from Murmansk
whether you support Russia’s war against Ukraine or not
I, like a polygamist, marries a lot
there is a room, I want to say right away
that your guards are in the toilet, you
’re not sitting in the toilet, I’m sitting in
this kitchen, this is the kitchen, but I just have
tiles everywhere  In short,
I don’t support the question, yes, I was a
blogger from Ukraine so they interviewed people, it
turns out
you think that you did it wrong,
moved the troops to Ukraine,
how can I tell
you?  for the fact that this is what
destroyed the Union, I don’t support the
Soviet Union either directly, but the fact that this is
bl  poison what is happening now is to blame
They are also
Poroshenko Putin
don’t you think that you need to return then
in a time machine there in the seventeenth year
Shoot Lenin for example there and this is
Kerrinsky because the Russian
Empire was bred or return to return
somewhere you know E that Neanderthals were imprisoned
there Return not
it will turn out yes
Well no Why are these 17 years of
what year of birth 83 81 That is, you
still lived Under the Soviet Union Yes yes
Can you tell me how you remember the
Soviet Union good
honestly
say something to name it
in Russian not in Russian somehow everything was
clearly
abolished Well, in terms of what,
how to say, we lived according to the instructions Yes, by and
large, we all, that is, it’s
supposed to be there, it’s not supposed to,
But all this was at least now that
you have that we support this principle
, the principle is supposed to be, but
only on  it’s imposed damn And what was
in order How were you in prison, yes What was it
, what blessings did you have in
childhood
in childhood, but I went to kindergarten, I went to
Murmansk  e Yes, I grew up eating halibut
Is halibut a fish like that, and now
we can’t because like kids
can choke on bones and eat
sausages of incomprehensible production,
that is, they now it’s gone from the zero years
was cool because it was possible for
children in the halibut garden to eat
not  only this is me
because there was a side here we were power
8 years old you lived here you are the Soviet Union 91
collapsed you were eight years old here you are eight years
old watch the news to you dad
says son The union is falling apart and that's
what the Soviet Union did not say in the
eighty-fourth year in Afghanistan
When  you were three years old,
your dad was thrown to die in a foreign
country in Afghanistan, it’s not clear why,
although for the country he was nobody, yes, it
turns out they threw it and forgot it
turns out this country killed your father
in a foreign country
fed you fish in the garden then
you can’t remember anything else good
Yes, no, everything was cheap,
everything was free, there were vending machines of
some kind, here are 5 more things
for children.
How many three kopecks with syrup 1 kopeck Without syrup, the heat was so syrupy, such [ __ ] flowed shorter than damn it, well, what now you don’t have it, I go in as many drinks of all sorts to buy what you want for money, such for money it was for three kopecks, but [ __ ] is still a glass of this One at all this is a type of guy who should wash shorter, but you fought Well, relatives in the war No in the second Yes, grandfather was awarded and you washed away his loot that you threw away his awards and washed away But he fought for what [ __ ] for the Soviet Union the Soviet Union came the soviets occupied Ukraine then the Germans came then they occupied the soviets why did they occupied And with what and in terms of what did you occupied who who created Kharkov what is very Kharkov city Let's deal with Murmansk and the Soviet Union So you now wait Ekaterina 2 wait for the whole of Eastern Europe oh Ukraine it was made by Russia it was created something you say to me and you don’t understand what Chernigov created I don’t even know but I don’t need Kyiv  I need wives, we are fighting And
who created Moscow
Yes, there were two people the brain and qua
NT
two people created Moscow but from
Look Let's go back that we
finalized what was cool in the
Soviet Union Let's have a topic
like this past I had an interlocutor
he
hate  what kind of toilet paper did you
have in the Soviet Union Here you are little ones
walking as if
I hate the Soviet Union and my father, and
everythingturns out
well You lived for 30 years What did
you create what did you create Let us
have to why and why be handed over I
why Answer with a question  to the question of what you
have created there Look if you want to
present something to someone first
Say that you understand I ask you I
personally ask you why, for 30
years, who prevented you from creating something
Tell me an example of what we should create
were  that we created prosperity for the
people 30 years ago, so we didn’t even have
proper toilet paper now
everything is fine Although
there are a lot of sanitary pads in  everything is
fine We live
but it’s not you who produce
like we do from China from China there it comes from the West
because the Soviet Union killed, in
short, our entire economy before, but in
30 years and in 30 years it could be
done Once again, so we look at what
we are  were now and 30 years ago Heaven and
earth We are progressing And if
70 years ago we were already like all
civilized countries
What goals Well tell me
Germany at 45 in short in general
they demolished they live better than you winners in
Murmansk Why
because she comply with the leaders And
you  for whom the last president voted in the elections
I never I
never voted never voted and
will not vote good position
support
us all Only I didn’t vote if a bunch of
people don’t vote
fish was here they gave fish to him in the kindergarten He
liked fish now the children in the kindergarten  they don’t
give because they can
choke on bones
Yes, but the USSR itself with dad died in Afghanistan
when he was three years old That's all
That's the whole USSR